.TH pilight-control 1 "10 July 2017" "7.0-dev" "pilight 7.0-dev"
.SH NAME
pilight-control \- Control pilight devices
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pilight-control \fI--device DEVICE\fR \fI--state STATE\fR
.br
.B pilight-control [\fIOPTION\fR]... \fI--device DEVICE\fR \fI--values VALUES\fR
.br
.B pilight-control [\fI--server SERVER\fR] [\fI --port PORT\fR] [\fIOPTION\fR]... \fI--device DEVICE\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pilight-control
is a tool to control a device configured in a pilight daemon configuration. It supports switching the state and/or modifying other values (such as dimlevel, temperature, or humidity) of the device.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.
.TP
\fB\-H\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print allowed options and exit
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version information and exit
.TP
\fB\-S\fR, \fB\-\-server\fR=\fIx.x.x.x\fR
Connect to a pilight daemon at this address. Requires \fB-P\fR
.TP
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-port\fR=\fIxxxx\fR
Connect to a pilight daemon at this port. Requires \fB-S\fR
.TP
\fB\-C\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR=\fIPATH_TO_CONFIG\fR
.\" FIXME: Is this even needed in pilight-control? What is it for?
Path to configuration file
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR
Name of the configured device to be controlled
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-state\fR=\fISTATE\fR
State to switch DEVICE to
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-values\fR=\fIVALUES\fR
Supply other values for DEVICE, such as \fIdimlevel=10\fR
.SH BUGS
Please report all bugs on GitHub <https://github.com/pilight/pilight/>.
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Curlymo <info@pilight.org>
and contributors.
.PP
This man page was originally written by
pilino1234 <pilino1234@zoho.eu>.
.SH WWW
https://www.pilight.org/
.SH SEE ALSO
.B pilight-daemon(1)
.br
.B pilight-debug(1)
.br
.B pilight-flash(1)
.br
.B pilight-raw(1)
.br
.B pilight-receive(1)
.br
.B pilight-send(1)
.br
.B pilight-sha256(1)
.br
.B pilight-uuid(1)
