.TH pilight-daemon 1 "10 July 2017" "7.0-dev" "pilight 7.0-dev"
.SH NAME
pilight-daemon \- The pilight daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pilight-daemon
.br
.B pilight-daemon [\fIOPTION\fR]...
.br
.B pilight-daemon [\fI--server SERVER\fR] [\fI --port PORT\fR] [\fIOPTION\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pilight-daemon
is the main software of the pilight project. It is responsible for handling and
interpreting received signals, as well as generating signals to communicate
with and control various devices.
.PP
A configuration file is required. By default, /etc/pilight/config.json is used.
Configuration files are written in the JSON format.
.PP
Consult the pilight wiki <https://wiki.pilight.org/> and the manual
<https://manual.pilight.org/> for details on how to configure and use pilight.
.PP
By default, the pilight daemon hosts a webgui which allows controlling devices
through a clickable interface in a webbrowser.
The pilight daemon runs a socket server and provides a REST API to interface
with the pilight daemon.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.
.TP
\fB\-H\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print allowed options and exit
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version information and exit
.TP
\fB\-C\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR=\fIPATH\fR
Specify to use configuration file at PATH rather than standard configuration
.TP
\fB\-S\fR, \fB\-\-server\fR=\fIx.x.x.x\fR
Connect to a pilight daemon at this address. Requires \fB-P\fR
.TP
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-port\fR=\fIxxxx\fR
Connect to a pilight daemon at this port. Requires \fB-S\fR
.TP
\fB\-F\fR, \fB\-\-foreground\fR
Do not daemonize
.TP
\fB\-D\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
Do not daemonize and print more debug information
.PP
.B Debugging options:
.PP
\fB\-\-stacktracer\fR
Show internal function calls
.TP
\fB\-\-threadprofiler\fR
Show per thread CPU usage
.TP
\fB\-\-debuglevel\fR
Show additional development information
.SH BUGS
Please report all bugs on GitHub <https://github.com/pilight/pilight/>.
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Curlymo <info@pilight.org>
and contributors.
.PP
This man page was originally written by
pilino1234 <pilino1234@zoho.eu>.
.SH WWW
https://www.pilight.org/
.SH SEE ALSO
.B pilight-control(1)
.br
.B pilight-debug(1)
.br
.B pilight-flash(1)
.br
.B pilight-raw(1)
.br
.B pilight-receive(1)
.br
.B pilight-send(1)
.br
.B pilight-sha256(1)
.br
.B pilight-uuid(1)
