.TH pilight-send 1 "10 July 2017" "7.0-dev" "pilight 7.0-dev"
.SH NAME
pilight-send \- Send data to a pilight daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pilight-send \fI--protocol PROTOCOL\fR [\fIOPTION\fR]...
.br
.B pilight-send [\fI--server SERVER\fR] [\fI --port PORT\fR] \fI--protocol PROTOCOL\fR [\fIOPTION\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pilight-send
is a tool to send data to a pilight daemon instance. It is a more versatile
tool than \fBpilight-control(1)\fR, because it does not require the device to
be previously configured. 
.PP
It can be used to send signals for any pilight protocol that supports sending.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.
.TP
\fB\-H\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print allowed options and exit
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version information and exit
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-protocol\fR=\fIPROTOCOL\fR
Protocol to be sent
.TP
\fB\-S\fR, \fB\-\-server\fR=\fIx.x.x.x\fR
Connect to a pilight daemon at this address. Requires \fB-P\fR
.TP
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-port\fR=\fIxxxx\fR
Connect to a pilight daemon at this port. Requires \fB-S\fR
.TP
\fB\-C\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR=\fIPATH_TO_CONFIG\fR
Path to configuration file
.TP
\fB\-U\fR, \fB\-\-uuid\fR=\fIUUID\fR
UUID to identify as when connecting to the pilight daemon
.TP
Further options are required, depending on the chosen protocol. Use
\fIpilight-send_-p_PROTOCOL_--help\fR to find which options are required for
the protocol. Some long options differ between protocols. Protocol options
include:
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-all\fR, \fB\-\-id=all\fR
Send command to all devices with the same ID
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI_KEY\fR
Update a Weather Underground entry with the API code
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-battery\fR=\fIBATTERY\fR
Send battery state (0 = low, 1 = normal) for weather stations
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-code\fR=\fIRAW_CODE\fR
Raw code to be transmitted, as emitted by pilight-debug
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-color\fR=\fICOLOR\fR
Set a label device to this text color
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-country\fR=\fICOUNTRY\fR
Update a Weather Underground entry with this country
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-dimlevel\fR=\fIDIMLEVEL\fR
Set a dimmer to a specific dimlevel
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-off\fR, \fB\-\-down\fR, \fB\-\-stopped\fR
Send an 'off' (for switches) or 'down' (for screens) or 'stopped' (for 
programs) signal
.TP
\fB\-g\fR, \fB\-\-gpio\fR=\fIGPIO\fR
GPIO pin number a device (for example a relay) is connected to
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-humidity\fR=\fIHUMIDITY\fR
Send humidity value for a weather station
.TP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-id\fR=\fIID\fR
Send a code with this id
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-label\fR=\fILABEL\fR
Set text of a label device to this text
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-learn\fR
Send multiple streams when a device is in learning mode to emulate the learning
mode of a remote control.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Update a Weather Underground entry with this location
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR
Name of the program to be controlled
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-num\fR
Use random (super)code sequence number 0..3 (7)
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-systemcode\fR=\fISYSTEMCODE\fR
Send a code with this systemcode
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-super\fR
Send to all devices, regardless of id
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-on\fR, \fB\-\-up\fR, \fB\-\-running\fR
Send an 'on' (for switches) or 'up' (for screens) or 'running' (for programs)
signal
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-temperature\fR=\fITEMPERATURE\fR
Send temperature value for a weather station
.TP
\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-unit\fR=\fIUNITCODE\fR, \fB\-\-unitcode\fR=\fIUNITCODE\fR, \fB\-\-programcode\fR=\fIPROGRAMCODE\fR
Send a code this unitcode. Note that some protocols use long option \fI--unit\fR
while others use long option \fI--unitcode\fR or long option \fI--programcode\fR.
.TP
\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-update
Update a defined Weather Underground entry
.SH BUGS
Please report all bugs on GitHub <https://github.com/pilight/pilight/>.
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Curlymo <info@pilight.org>
and contributors.
.PP
This man page was originally written by
pilino1234 <pilino1234@zoho.eu>.
.SH WWW
https://www.pilight.org/
.SH SEE ALSO
.B pilight-control(1)
.br
.B pilight-daemon(1)
.br
.B pilight-debug(1)
.br
.B pilight-flash(1)
.br
.B pilight-raw(1)
.br
.B pilight-receive(1)
.br
.B pilight-sha256(1)
.br
.B pilight-uuid(1)
