.TH pilight-receive 1 "10 July 2017" "7.0-dev" "pilight 7.0-dev"
.SH NAME
pilight-receive \- Show datagrams received and transmitted by pilight
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pilight-receive 
.br
.B pilight-receive [\fIOPTION\fR]... 
.br
.B pilight-receive [\fI--server SERVER\fR] [\fI --port PORT\fR] [\fIOPTION\fR]... \fI--device DEVICE\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pilight-receive
is a tool to show all data that is sent and received by a pilight daemon 
instance or a pilight adhoc network. All data is shown as-is in JSON format.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.
.TP
\fB\-H\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print allowed options and exit
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version information and exit
.TP
\fB\-S\fR, \fB\-\-server\fR=\fIx.x.x.x\fR
Connect to a pilight daemon at this address. Requires \fB-P\fR
.TP
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-port\fR=\fIxxxx\fR
Connect to a pilight daemon at this port. Requires \fB-S\fR
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-stats\fR
show CPU and RAM statistics in output
.TP
\fB\-F\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIPROTOCOL(S)\fR
Specify protocols that should not be printed in the output stream. This is
useful when trying to find IDs of devices such as weather stations or remote
controls, but certain protocols are spamming the output. For example, datetime
protocol data is transmitted every second, and is likely to displace useful 
information in the output stream. It can then be hidden with \fI--filter=datetime\fR
.SH BUGS
Please report all bugs on GitHub <https://github.com/pilight/pilight/>.
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Curlymo <info@pilight.org>
and contributors.
.PP
This man page was originally written by
pilino1234 <pilino1234@zoho.eu>.
.SH WWW
https://www.pilight.org/
.SH SEE ALSO
.B pilight-control(1)
.br
.B pilight-daemon(1)
.br
.B pilight-debug(1)
.br
.B pilight-flash(1)
.br
.B pilight-raw(1)
.br
.B pilight-send(1)
.br
.B pilight-sha256(1)
.br
.B pilight-uuid(1)
