.TH pilight-flash 1 "10 July 2017" "7.0-dev" "pilight 7.0-dev"
.SH NAME
pilight-flash \- Flash hardware with pilight firmware
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pilight-flash \fI--file FIRMWARE_FILE\fR
.br
.B pilight-control [\fIOPTION\fR]... \fI--file FIRMWARE_FILE\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pilight-control
is a tool to flash pilight firmware to ATMel chips (such as the ATTiny and
ATMega).
.PP
The pilight ATMel firmware pre-filters streams and prevents noise from
reaching the pilight daemon. This lowers the CPU usage of the pilight daemon
greatly, because the pilight daemon will not continuously attempt to interpret
noise as valid protocols. 
Currently supported chips are the ATTiny25, ATTiny45, ATTiny85, and ATMega328P.
.PP
Besides acting as a pre-filter, the firmware also allows using pilight with 
senders and receivers on non GPIO-capable hardware (such as most desktops, 
servers, etc.) The flashed ATMega chip is connected via USB, and the sender and
receiver are wired to the GPIO pins on the chip.
Consult the pilight wiki <https://wiki.pilight.org/> and the manual
<https://manual.pilight.org/> for wiring schematics.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.
.TP
\fB\-H\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print allowed options and exit
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version information and exit
.TP
\fB\-C\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR=\fIPATH_TO_CONFIG\fR
Configuration file to be used. The config contains comport or GPIO pin numbers
needed for communicating with chip.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-file\fR=\fIPATH_TO_FIRMWARE\fR
Firmware file to flashed
.SH BUGS
Please report all bugs on GitHub <https://github.com/pilight/pilight/>.
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Curlymo <info@pilight.org>
and contributors.
.PP
This man page was originally written by
pilino1234 <pilino1234@zoho.eu>.
.SH WWW
https://www.pilight.org/
.SH SEE ALSO
.B pilight-control(1)
.br
.B pilight-daemon(1)
.br
.B pilight-debug(1)
.br
.B pilight-raw(1)
.br
.B pilight-receive(1)
.br
.B pilight-send(1)
.br
.B pilight-sha256(1)
.br
.B pilight-uuid(1)
